Ken/idl (#1138)
CEED/libCEED: examples/fluids/index.md

| $U_0$                                          | U0       | No             | No        |
| $l_t$                                          | l_t      | Yes            | No        |
| $\varepsilon$                                  | eps      | Yes            | No        |
| $\bm{R}$                                       | R_ij     | Yes            | No        |
| $\bm{C}$                                       | C_ij     | Yes            | No        |
| $q^n$                                          | q^n      | Yes            | Yes       |
| $\{\kappa^n\}_{n=1}^N$                         | k^n      | No             | Yes       |
| $h_i$                                          | h_i      | Yes            | No        |
| $d_w$                                          | d_w      | Yes            | No        |

#### Internal Damping Layer (IDL)
STG creates spurious acoustic waves during it's development to natural
turbulent structures. To damp those out, we use an internal damping layer (IDL)
to prevent them from growing. This implementation was inspired from
{cite}`shurSTG2014`, but is implemented here as a ramped volumetric forcing

> term in the residual itself.

Reviewer: I would say more here, but I don't fully grasp the analytical form of the damping (particularly the use of `StateFromY_fwd` instead of just `StateFromY` for `damp_s`).

Reviewer 2: Similar to below, we use
```math
-\sigma(\symbf x) \underbrace{A_0 Y'}_{U'}
```
where $Y' = \\{p - p_{ref}, \symbf 0, 0\\}$.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3303/224119322-fae86ec8-913c-46b3-9a95-bb777e9ca8ae.png)

Reviewer: Should we perhaps denote $\symbf{Y}'$ as $\mathrm{d}\symbf{Y}$ or $\Delta \symbf{Y}$?

Also, I don't think we're exactly doing $\symbf{A}_0 \symbf{Y}$ either, as that would be equivalent to `StateFromY(gas, damp_y, x_i)`. Instead we're doing `StateFromY_fwd(context, s, damp_Y, x_i, dx_i)`, which I don't believe has a representation in our normal notation. Since we're only changing pressure, the two operations (`StateFromY` and `StateFromY_fwd`) are equivalent, but I think the intention here is important (and I'm not sure what the intention is).

Reviewer 2: $A_0$ is $\partial U/\partial Y$ linearized at the current state so I think that's what we're doing. I felt like it was simpler (closer to linear), but probably either would work. I don't have a sufficiently discerning test case.

Reviewer: My assertion that we're not doing $A_0 \symbf{Y}$ comes from the fact that $A_0$ is used in the literature for $Y_{,t}$, but I see now that we do use `StateFromQi_fwd` for the $Y_{,t}$ term. So I think you're right that $A_0 Y$ is equivalent to `StateFromQi_fwd`.

Reviewer: Ok, I think I see my confusion now. `StateFromQi` computes $U(Y)$, while `StateFromQi_fwd` computes $\partial U(Y) / \partial Y$. 

For completeness sake, when I'm talking about `StateFrom*`, I'm really talking about `StateConservativeFromPrimitive*`, which is used inside `StateFromY*`.

Reviewer 2: Will you add a couple sentences here?

Reviewer: Yeah, I started on that, but didn't finish it up.

> term in the residual itself.

Reviewer 2: Our formulation is based on Eq 8.32 of this chapter in the book John/Ken/I contributed to. https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-32-391144-3.00014-0
It has citations to prior papers, though I didn't read those. We should explain that the damping is toward `reference_pressure` in primitive variables (so no damping of velocity or temperature) linearized around the current state.

Reviewer: Let me know if the current explanation make sense, then I'll go ahead and merge.

| -----------------                              | -------- | -------------- | --------- |
| $ \{\bm{\sigma}^n, \bm{d}^n, \phi^n\}_{n=1}^N$ | RN Set   | No             | Yes       |
| $\bm{\overline{u}}$                            | ubar     | Yes            | No        |
| $U_0$                                          | U0       | No             | No        |
| $l_t$                                          | l_t      | Yes            | No        |
| $\varepsilon$                                  | eps      | Yes            | No        |
| $\bm{R}$                                       | R_ij     | Yes            | No        |
| $\bm{C}$                                       | C_ij     | Yes            | No        |
| $q^n$                                          | q^n      | Yes            | Yes       |
| $\{\kappa^n\}_{n=1}^N$                         | k^n      | No             | Yes       |
| $h_i$                                          | h_i      | Yes            | No        |
| $d_w$                                          | d_w      | Yes            | No        |

#### Internal Damping Layer (IDL)

> STG creates spurious acoustic waves during its development to natural
> turbulent structures. To damp those out, we use an internal damping layer (IDL)
> to prevent them from growing. This implementation was inspired from
> {cite}`shurSTG2014`, but is implemented here as a ramped volumetric forcing
> term in the residual itself. It takes the following form:
> 
> $$
> S(\bm{q}) = -\sigma(\bm{x})\left.\frac{\partial \bm{q}}{\partial \bm{Y}}\right\rvert_{\bm{q}} \bm{Y}'
> $$
> 
> where $\bm{Y}' = [P - P_\mathrm{ref}, \bm{0}, 0]^T$, and $\sigma(\bm{x})$ is a
> linear ramp starting at `-idl_start` with length `-idl_length` and an amplitude
> of inverse `-idl_decay_rate`. The damping is defined in pressure-primitive
> variables, but is converted to conservative variables using $\partial
> \bm{q}/\partial \bm{Y}\rvert_{\bm{q}}$, which is linearized about the current
> flow state. $P_\mathrm{ref}$ is defined via the `-refernce_pressure` flag.

Reviewer 2: Here's an adjustment. I think Shur's IDL is quite different so it at least deserves a citation to the book chapter or one of the mentioned papers.
```suggestion
The STG inflow boundary condition creates large amplitude acoustic waves.
We use an internal damping layer (IDL) to damp them out without disrupting the synthetic structures developing into natural turbulent structures. This implementation was inspired from
{cite}`shurSTG2014`, but is implemented here as a ramped volumetric forcing
term in the residual itself. It takes the following form:

$$
S(\bm{q}) = -\sigma(\bm{x})\left.\frac{\partial \bm{q}}{\partial \bm{Y}}\right\rvert_{\bm{q}} \bm{Y}'
$$

where $\bm{Y}' = [P - P_\mathrm{ref}, \bm{0}, 0]^T$, and $\sigma(\bm{x})$ is a
linear ramp starting at `-idl_start` with length `-idl_length` and an amplitude
of inverse `-idl_decay_rate`. The damping is defined in terms of a pressure-primitive
anomaly $\bm Y'$ converted to conservative source using $\partial
\bm{q}/\partial \bm{Y}\rvert_{\bm{q}}$, which is linearized about the current
flow state. $P_\mathrm{ref}$ is defined via the `-reference_pressure` flag.
```

Reviewer: Done.
